feat(curriculum): Add A1 Chinese Chapter 3 Module 2 Block 1 (#63078)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/zh-a1-warm-up-meeting-new-teammates/68ff2d04fb3c282dda60e058.md

---
id: 68ff2d04fb3c282dda60e058
title: Task 11
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-11
---

<!-- (Audio) Wang Hua: 名字 (míng zi) -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What is Wang Hua talking about?

## --answers--

age

### --feedback--

She is not talking about how old someone is.

---

family name

### --feedback--

It sounds similar, but she is not specifically referring to a family name.

---

name

---

time

### --feedback--

The word for time in Chinese is `时间 (shí jiān)`, which is different from what Wang Hua says.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

> `名字 (míngzì)` means "name". It's used to talk about what someone is called. And it refers to the full name or given name, not a family name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`名字 (míng zì)` means "name". It's used to talk about what someone is called. And it refers to the full name or given name, not a family name.
```
